In this circumstance, I think it is impossible for the IT company to achieve their target
launch date of June 1 since there are still many task in progress and unresolved issues. 
As a software engineer involved in the project, I think that it is time for the team to 
adapt a project management tools to handle tasks efficiently and effectively, preventing
delays and issues experienced such as incomplete tasks, unresolved bugs, and a delayed
testing process. 

Managing a project is a big responsibility requiring complex coordination of different
teams and employees, all working in synchronization to achieve each milestone and successfully
complete a project and its delivery. However, all businesses, wether big or small, deals 
with many tasks, projects, plans, and people regularly. And it can be very challenging
for these businesses to accomplish task efficiently if they don't practice any 
project management tools. Project management tools are an indispensable part of a
project and are used in planning, coordination, allocation of resources, time management,
and performance monitoring. They are one of the essential parts of the software development 
that can help business obtain a competitive benefit and stand out among competitors. 

With project management tools, seamless collaboration can be accomplished. So when
any team member has questions or concerns, they can quickly contact the right person
and get immediate help. It also enables easy file sharing, documentation, and
reporting with others to observe everybody's performance.  Moreover, a project management 
tool gives you the ability to quickly set a hierarchy of tasks for effecient and effective 
completion which allows you to indicate which actionsare sequential and which tasks are 
dependent on one another. In turn, this makes it easier for the team to do their task. 


Reference:

7 reasons why project management tools are important - Zignuts Technolab. (n.d.). https://www.zignuts.com/blog/why-project-management-tools-are-important

---

